I'm proud of your work on behavior selection,
but now we're going to go a level lower,
where we actually want to find a specific trajectory that the car can take.
A trajectory is not just a curve that the car can follow
but also a time sequence in which we say how fast the car should go.
In finding trajectory, there are many many important things to watch out for.
The most important one is don't crash,
don't collide with something else.
But also important is things like passenger comfort, right?
So you don't want to do crazy joke,
a trajectory that passes both back and forth.
You want to make this smooth and elegant as possible.